I work with computers math hey man what
kind of man number theory no way I work
with numbers myself I mean not
traditional I work with the Torah
amazing you know Hebrews on math it's
all numbers you know that Hey look the
ancient Jews used Hebrew the numerical
system yeah
each letter is a number like the Hebrew
a olive it's one be bet it's to
understand but look at this the numbers
are interrelated like think the Hebrew
word for father of olive bad one two
equals three
all right Hebrew word for mother aim
Aleph mem 140 equals 41 sum of three and
forty one forty four all right now
Hebrew word for child all right mother
father child yelling that's 10:30 and
for 44
tor is just a long string of numbers
some say that it's a code sent to us
from God that's kind of interesting
yeah that's just kid stuff check this
out okay the word for the Garden of Eden
Kadem numerical translation 144 now the
value of Tree of Knowledge all right
in the garden right it's a hi I'm 233
144 233 you can take those numbers
though you know like the Fibonacci
sequence
definitely Fibonacci's an Italian
mathematician in the 13th century if you
divide 144 into 233 the result
approaches theta theta data Greek symbol
for golden ratio golden spiral
[Music]